Buy For
Great configuration 
Excellent cameras
Quick-charging
Massive storage

Verdict
The Redmi Note 5 Pro is one of the premium smartphones of the very popular brand Xiaomi. It is equipped with a wide range of strong features. The configuration is powerful to ensure a lag-free performance to handle multiple applications. Even the cameras are excellent and assist in capture excellent images. Moreover, a massive storage and the quick-charging feature makes the device one of the delightful options in this price range.
The excellence of Xiaomi

Display and Design
The Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro comes with a metal case body and has a thin-bezel design. It is available in Black, Gold, Rose Gold, Lake Blue colour options in the market. Just below the rear camera module, a fingerprint scanner is added for your convenience. The device sports a 5.99-inch IPS LCD full HD display which exhibits an excellent pixel density of 403 PPI.

Battery and Connectivity
The Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro has a 4,000mAh Li-Polymer battery which supports quick charging. It keeps the show running for long hours and can be charged at a lightning fast speed. As far as the connectivity is concerned, the device offers a wide range of options such as - mobile hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, micro USB, Wi-Fi 802.11 and 4G with VoLTE.

Configuration and OS
Moving to the configuration, the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro is equipped with a Kryo 260 octa-core processor having a clock speed of 1.8GHz. The processor is placed on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 SoC and it is coupled with a 4GB RAM. The combination is further assisted by an Adreno 509 GPU. Hence, the smartphone is perfect for gaming and heavy multitasking. It runs on Android v7.1.2 (Nougat) operating system and is skinned with the MIUI. 

Camera and Storage
The Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro is armed with a dual-primary camera setup which can capture images of 4,000 x 3,000 pixels. Moreover, the primary cameras can record quality videos. In terms of front camera, a 20MP lens with an Exmor RS sensor can click mesmerizing selfies. It can also record full HD videos at 30 fps speed. Along with the front camera, an LED flash makes sure that you can make video calls at night. In terms of storage, a 64GB inbuilt storage is present and you can increase it up to 128GB by using a memory card.

XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO PRICE IN INDIA
Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro price in India starts from Rs. 15,799