Buy For
FHD display
Fingerprint sensor
Good battery backup
Robust configuration
VoLTE connectivity
Great storage

Beware of
Non removal battery

Verdict
The Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro is an excellent smartphone with robust processor configuration for an affordable price tag. At the front side, the availability of the fingerprint sensor makes the smartphone more secure. Go for it if you want a package with all good features of a smartphone.

Elegant and powerful
Display and Design
The Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro has a 5.5-inch(14.48 cm) full HD Super AMOLED type display with a resolution of 1,080 x 1,920 pixels. The display makes images appear more vivid hence enhancing the viewing experience.
The dual SIM smartphone is available in two colour variants those are black and gold.

Platform and Performance
The handset is powered by a 1.6GHz Samsung Exynos 7 Octa 7870 processor paired with Mali-T830 MP2 graphics for great gaming experience and 3GB of RAM for smooth performance in multitasking. The handset runs on Android v7.0 (Nougat) operating system.

Camera and Storage
The Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro offers an impressive 13MP autofocus primary camera with an LED flash. The camera quality is further enhanced by some good features like exposure compensation, ISO control, continuous shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), digital zoom, auto flash, face detection, touch to focus etc. It comes with an 8MP front camera which is a good option for selfie lovers.
The phone comes with a massive 64GB of storage for storing a large amount of data, it can further be expanded up to 128GB with the help of an external microSD card. The device can read external USB flash drive by USB OTG support port.

Battery and Connectivity
The device is fuelled by a 3,600mAh Li-polymer battery which delivers long hours of backup.
For networking and sharing, the device offers options such as 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G, VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.1, A-GPS, NFC, micro USB 2.0 etc. 

SAMSUNG GALAXY J7 PRO PRICE IN INDIA
Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro price in India starts from Rs. 16,900